February 2007 Brazil year-old Matias is
playing with his friends near a creek
when suddenly he's bitten the chest by a
snake and caught in its lethal death
grip here's what you need to know about
the green anaconda
today's video was produced due to high
demand by our subscribers if you have
any other topics you'd like to learn
about be sure to write your suggestions
below anacondas are a group of snakes
reaching up to 30 feet long the most
common species as well as one of the
largest is the green anaconda the quiet
non-venomous snakes but are armed with
strong jaws and elastic ligaments that
allow them to devour prey much larger
than them such as deer in pigs anacondas
are found throughout South America and
are comfortable in close proximity to
bodies of water they can therefore be
commonly found near lakes rivers and
swamps rather than retreating to water
at any sign of threat anacondas confront
their perceived danger they kill by
wrapping their enormous bodies around
you then restrict your breathing and air
flow by suffocating you to death they
then proceed to open their large mouths
and consume you whole or your corpse
will digest for weeks in its lengthy
body as stated earlier anacondas live
near water so if you're ever near a body
of water in South America be on the
lookout for them although they can swim
at high speeds escaping them on land
should it be a problem since their
movements are slow and sluggish but if
it's too late and you're under attack
the only thing you can do is fight back
with your own strength target its tail
if possible as this is the most
sensitive part of the anacondas body now
what do you think is worse and why
overdosing on heroin or overdosing on
flaca
[Music]